Samurais and shit. What's not to like? 
Wasn't it called Tenchu?
But there's no Tenchu for the PS3 or the PC. And Tenchu wasn't an open world game, was it?
What? There's tenchu z on the ps3, the other day we were playing the demo and my friend who used love it back in the days couldn't play for more than 5 minutes because the movement and combat is so cardboardy. It's amazing how far we've come, go try playing some ps1 games, a lot of them don't hold up well.

Ninja edit: oops, we were playing the demo on 360, not ps3, i could've sworn it was on ps3!
Point conceded.
I have a feeling they're going to keep advancing the timeline forward in history. Going from the chronology of the Apple of Eden they hint at in the glyphs of ACII, the apple falls into the possession of Queen Elizabeth of England shortly after Ezio's period in history. It's later owned by George Washington, and subsequently finds its way into Napoleon Bonaparte's hands. I'd therefore postulate that the most likely settings for the next major installment of the series are either England, France, or America around or slightly before the period of the American/French Revolution. There are lots of iconic historical figures they could incorporate into the plotline like they did with Medici, Borgia, Da Vinci, and Machiavelli in ACII. Philadelphia, London, or Paris all have the potential to be very large cityscapes easily rivaling the scope of Rome in Brotherhood, with plenty of tall buildings to climb and haystacks to dive into.

In fact, I'm starting to get an idea for a storyline they could set up over a few games involving an American assassin, descendant of Ezio, being sent over to Britain in order to steal the Apple from the royal family and bring it into the hands of American generals. Maybe you complete the heist in the first game, and the second game starts out on the voyage back across the Atlantic. Pirates, anyone? Maybe a nice skirmish with the Royal Navy in their last-ditch attempt to recover the Apple from you? So your dude makes it back, and cue the American Revolution. Lots of awesome colonial-era assassination of British officers going on. France decides to aid the Americans in their fight, but there are certain stipulations. Namely, the Apple gets handed over to the French once the war is over. Cue the French Revolution. Your guy and special guest star Ben Franklin head back over the pond to France for the third game on "diplomatic business (read: killing a bunch of French nobility while Ben interprets your codex pages and provides witty dialogue for you)," and witness the rise of Napoleon firsthand resulting from his theft of the Apple by some act of treachery committed during the Revolution. Hey, maybe you even meet and befriend him earlier on when he's just a regular officer so as to set up a nice good-old-fashioned betrayal scene. You know, there actually might be something here. I kind of really want to see them do this now. In fact, there's even potential for a segue from that into Russian history during the Napoleonic Wars. I think the glyphs also indicated the Apple found its way to the Russian Tzars at a similar time.

edit: Just brushed up on my history, looks like Ben Franklin died one year after the beginning of the French Revolution. Dammit history, why you gotta ruin my game ideas? Not important, make it someone else in the third game, you can get your fill of Poor Richard's codex pages in game 2.

Plus, I feel like they would have a hard time incorporating the trademark assassin's outfit to fit with a Japanese look. Sure, I'd love to have a great ninja game as much as the next guy, but I'm just not sure the lore could really be consolidated with Japanese culture in a way that maintains the style of the series consistently. I think if Ubisoft wants to make a ninja game, they should do it right and create a whole new IP so they aren't constrained by the limitations and the need to preserve the continuity of the current franchise. Maybe make it a bit more like the PS2 Prince of Persia games with things like wall-running, flips during combat, and over-the-top acrobatics as compared to the more minimalist, understated parkour in the AC games.
There are multiple Apples of Eden (the Glyph sequences and a few of the Abstergo emails in the first game refer to them with numbers, IIRC).  If you've played Brotherhood, then you learn that [nobody has gotten the Apple in the games in between Ezio having it and 2012](/spoiler).

However, games following a different piece of Eden - not the sword or the staff or any of the apples, but some other awesome powerful artifact - could be interesting, and I'd love seeing some of them.
Ah, I just got Brotherhood and haven't finished it yet, so up until now I had always assumed that the different numbers just each meant a different specific artifact, i.e. the apple was one, the sword and staff were others, and a whole bunch of unrevealed ones existed as well. That kind of sucks, I found it sort of appealing that the apple was just this one artifact that had changed hands so many times over the course of history and was constantly being pursued by the world's most powerful figures.
They do change hands - as far as I can tell, there's only one sword and one staff, and just a few apples that get passed around.  But there have to be at least three apples - the one in the games, the one in the satellite, and the one that got destroyed in Abstergo's earlier experiments.  Gandhi and Houdini both lost their apples to the Templars, so if those are the only other two, then they'd still have changed hands a lot, plus the one in the games traveled an unknown amount between Altair and Ezio.
I've been hoping for that exact setting since I finished AC2. Unfortunately it seems Ubisoft is more interested in eventually making a modern-time AC game with Desmond as the main character. Blech.
A new ancestor has been confirmed a while ago in the next main title Assassin's Creed game. So, you may get what you want.
I would actually be really interested to see how they do this. They allude to their agents working in the field in the current games and I feel it's an inevitable eventuality. No reason to rush into it though, I'm sure they'll give us at least one more ancestor after Ezio.
Its going to be interesting how ubisoft does the modern day AC.

I always thought it would be exactly like splinter cell
Have I missed something? Or is this speculation?
Purely speculation. However, there are lots of plot elements that need resolving in the current time (2012), and Desmond has just been trained as an Assassin. You can't just leave those things unresolved and screw around in the past for another game. 
I see, I see. But surely, this cannot mean we'll be stuck in 'present time' for the whole game. Throughout the series so far, we have gotten to play as Desmond increasingly more. And ofcourse we'll se even more of him in the last game. But for the majority of the game I both believe and hope, We'll be in a different era.
Developing the game to be say, half present and half past would take *significantly* more work than what they've done thus far. They'd be better off focusing on one. Either past or present, but not both. 
It would have to involve Ninjas, everything is better with ninjas.
It would, but it would be next to impossible to write in. 
I think they were supposed to do one in Japan but a new Tenchu was coming out so they scrapped the idea early on. 
It's actually quite tragic that Tenchu got picked up by big western publishers, otherwise it would just be another one of those millions of japanese games that you don't need to acknowledge when developing new games.
Whoa now, just whoa. You will not disrespect Tenchu like that. 
Ninja's Creed?
I've always thought that this was the next step in the series. It started in the middle east, then onto italy, then to japan. It'll be so ninja-like!
That would indeed be very awesome. However I think Ubisoft has already confirmed that this *won't* be a settings for AC3.
BELIEVE IT!!!!!
Possibly some pirate stuff where you're mainly in a port, jumping from ship to ship (or something)

Maybe NYC in the 1930's?
[Did someone just say...](http://media.photobucket.com/image/weeaboo/thescott18/anime/Weeaboo2.jpg)
Nah. Doing the same shit over and over again would become boring no matter the setting.
yeah
No, what makes the settings of Assassin's creed good and interesting is that they are different from ordinary video game settings. There are literally hundreds of games set in fucking feudal Japan. I think late 1800s London would be an awesome setting though.
No, it would then be just another standard Ninja game.

What is awesome about the series is it is in different, cool locations &amp; times.
This is what I want. I can't think of a better time period. 
it would be awesome, but probably not as fresh as the other AC's weve had. Too many games and movies, entertainment in general, drawing off japan. 
I'd like to see an open world game set in the Sengoku or Edo period, some Lone Wanderer/John Marston type shit.
Would be nice if they remake the social stealth system and let you actually use it. Or if you could avoid fights by being sneaky as a ninja and run over the rooftops.
I feel like a ninja whenever I play assassins creed. Eastern setting would be awesome. 
What about Russia? Eastern Europe isn't explored enough in games, or at least that's what I find.
You apparently missed all of the stuff about Ezio going to Constantinople in Revelations.
How would they fit in hiding in the same 3 escape points from all the other games if the game took place in another country? I mean, we can't assume that Japan would have some gazebo with cloth hanging from it can we?

Oh.....
Lol
