For me, it was battletoads. That part with the speeder bikes and the walls that appeared in front of you at ever increasing speeds caused me to destroy more than one controller. Makes me angry just thinking about it. 
Lol, Demon's Souls. Still probably not even half way. fuck.
FUck that game :o I got halfway through the first level and died and I never touched it since :p
haha that's the point, once you over come the foe you feel all powerful and fucking bad ass. At least until you load the next level... lol.
Shinobi on PS2. It's basically Ninja Gaiden with Megaman-style rage-inducing platforming sequences. Also, the main character uses a sword that drains his own life when the player isn't playing well enough (not doing enough combos/kills.)

Oh, and seriously, fucking ninja dogs.
I got to the last level, never beat it though....
Same.  This game is my arch enemy. 
I always end up buying a copy, playing it for a few weeks getting pissed and then selling it.  A few months later I do it all over again.  It's a sick cycle.
That game just clicked for me for some reason to the point I got bored watching the mini cut scene of killing a group of enemies quickly.  The only boss I had any issues with was the white tiger/spider thing.  When I gave Ninja Gaiden a go, the controls felt too 'floaty' compared to Shinobi.
Battletoads.
Battletoads was so fucking hard that the [last time this topic came up](http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/fkntx/hey_reddit_what_the_most_frustratingly_difficult/c1gn5hb) I got into like a 6 hour argument because no one believed I beat it when I was around 10 years old. 
no one believed I beat it either.  It was bittersweet when I did because I beat it with a friend who died before I did and he wasn't happy that I beat the Queen myself without him.
I got to the queen ONCE, and had like 1 life and almost zero power. After that, I never played again. grrrr, gettin angry again!!
Its believable. I think I made it to the last level a few times but never beat the game. I had a friend who beat it though. 
Super Meat Boy.

Oh, and E.T.  
You know what i'm talking about.
I gave up on the boss that starts punching the sides of the  platform you're on after some 200 tries. Dammit, gotta go try that again now!  
Blast Corps

That game got my goat as a kid. Esp. the dump truck levels.
Lord of the rings fellowship of the ring for ps2. The first level at the end where you have to escape from the black riders was fucking impossible. Fuck that game.
Ikaruga
I wouldn't say it drove me insane though. I always had fun
I for one went mad beating Bioshock 2. Just stopped caring and went on Kamikaze runs.
Was disappointing as Bioshock was one of my favorite games.
The first Ninja Gaiden on NES. Those final levels are completely unfair. The enemies that respawn after you kill them that block you from making almost every jump made me toss my controller countless times (thank goodness for old school durability).

But the biggest injustice, perhaps in all of gaming, was being able to continue on the section of the stage that you died in, but if you died on the final boss, you had to start all the way back on part 1 of the final stage. COMPLETE BULLSHIT! Never before have I raged so hard. I didn't even play Ninja Gaiden 2 and 3 because of the first one. Finally beating the final boss gave me absolutely zero satisfaction. I just wanted to snap the cartridge in half.
The thing that sucks about Ninja Gaiden (and Battletoads) is that they seem like awesome games that suck you in by the first level or two being somewhat normal.
I have a few. 

Double Dragon for Gameboy, I could NOT beat the game. Not only that but I could always get really far. I remember 2 Abobo's and cliffs... its been like 21 years. 

edit - I just youtubed it. Apparently it was the final level in the game, since I never completed it, I never knew this. Spikes... doors... argh

Ninja Gaiden for NES = fuck you cave level

Ninja Gaiden for Xbox = I struggled with the first level it was so hard.. I guess getting older meant getting worse at videogames. Also the first and only time I ever broke a controller out of frustration.

Final Fantasy II (4) for the SNES - 2 parts... first off I was like 10 when I got the game, and it was the first turn based RPG I ever played. The Wall ... I was so frusrated I remember I quit playing the game for like a month...went back to it and beat it on the first try. 
Pandemic 2
*Double Dragon 2 for gameboy.
*Gargoyles for gameboy.
*Diddy Kong Racing for N64

I WANNA BE THE GUY

no contest
* Star Tropics.  If you were renting the game, you could go no further because you needed a code from the damn instruction booklet.  Keeping in mind, kids, this was before the internet so you were just screwed.

* Fester's Quest. Seriously, screw this game.  It's so easy to lose powerups.

* Blaster Master.  I love you but you were very unkind to me.

* Kid Icarus.  You miss one platform and you died unlike the gameboy version where you could fall without consequences.  Grim reapers were a nightmare to me.

* Ikari Warriors.  Ugh...
Star Tropics, now that brings back memories:)
Fallout New Vegas really pissed me off because the whole game was super easy (even on the hardest difficulty) until you got to those big flying bugs. Giant house fly things. They would one shot kill me every time and I had to get past them to get ahead in the game! So fustrating.
fucking cazadores....i hate those motherfuckers
